Release 76.0.0 (#1663)
MetaMask/core: packages/transaction-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [10.0.0]
### Added
- Add `submittedTime` to transaction meta ([#1645](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1645))

> - Add support for actionId ([#1582](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1582))

Reviewer: Add optional `actionId` argument to `addTransaction` and `speedUpTransaction` to prevent duplicate requests.

> - Add support for actionId ([#1582](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1582))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add optional `actionId` argument to `addTransaction` and `speedUpTransaction` to prevent duplicate requests. ([#1582](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1582))
```

> - Add name controller ([#1647](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1647))

Reviewer: I don't think this should be here as it has it's own dedicated changelog.

### Changed

> - **BREAKING**: Rename rawTransaction to rawTx in the persisted transaction metadata ([#1624](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1624))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING**: Rename `rawTransaction` to `rawTx` in the transaction metadata ([#1624](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1624))
```

> - Support confirming of external transactions in `TransactionController`  ([#1625](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1625))

Reviewer: This is probably best in the `Added` section with a line such as:

`Add `confirmExternalTransaction` method.
